horsefeathers starring the Marx Brothers
members of the faculty faculty members
students have Huxley and Huxley students
I guess that covers everything what this
college needs is a good football team
and you can't have a good football team
unless you have good football players my
boy
I think you've got something there and
I'll wait outside until you clean it up
I'm looking for two football players who
always hang around here we always hang
around here I want to know I want you to
sign this agreement hey there's nothing
on this paper right sorry I was filling
something later yeah you've got the
wrong football players did my son tell
you a beautiful eyes hi yeah Tommy that
too tells that everybody means you
realize what it means of Luck's he loses
this game and me shame disgrace
humiliation and besides you crazy if you
don't play the A's
I've got to stay here there's no reason
why you folks shouldn't go out into the
lobby to listening blows over
you